sorry. An ordinary sports person like me.
What can you do to win against me? I’ll give you the number of people, Teacher Liao Miao.
It's you and your wife. Who says who wins,
Let's make a new bet. You use this kind of food to say,
It will only win against me. What's on this show?
Don't worry about it. Don't wave me. Don't wave me.
Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me.
Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave
I. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't
Wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me. Don't wave me
Move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly
Move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move gently
Move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly, move lightly